

# spaassets
`import "github.com/jtwatson/spaassets"`

* [Overview](#pkg-overview)
* [Index](#pkg-index)

## <a name="pkg-overview">Overview</a>



## <a name="pkg-index">Index</a>
* [func DeepLink(next http.Handler, appURL string) http.Handler](#DeepLink)
* [func MaxAgeCacheHandler(next http.Handler, age int, include bool, prefix string) http.Handler](#MaxAgeCacheHandler)
* [func NoStoreCacheHandler(next http.Handler, include bool, prefix string) http.Handler](#NoStoreCacheHandler)


#### <a name="pkg-files">Package files</a>
[middleware.go](/src/github.com/jtwatson/spaassets/middleware.go) 





## <a name="DeepLink">func</a> [DeepLink](/src/target/middleware.go?s=509:569#L13)
``` go
func DeepLink(next http.Handler, appURL string) http.Handler
```
DeepLink middleware handles deep-linking into a single page application (SPA).

This middleware should wrap your asset handler, and expects all requests are
requesting a file with an extention. (ie: .js, .html, .png, .jpg etc)

If it recieves a request targeting a directory (with or without a trailing '/'),
it will rewrite the request to target appURL

appURL should be the location of the SPA



## <a name="MaxAgeCacheHandler">func</a> [MaxAgeCacheHandler](/src/target/middleware.go?s=1524:1617#L44)
``` go
func MaxAgeCacheHandler(next http.Handler, age int, include bool, prefix string) http.Handler
```
MaxAgeCacheHandler applies Cache-control: max-age=<age> header according to options.

Options
age: cache experation in seconds
include: indicates if matches should be included/excluded.
prefix:  prefix is matched to the beginning of url.



## <a name="NoStoreCacheHandler">func</a> [NoStoreCacheHandler](/src/target/middleware.go?s=969:1054#L28)
``` go
func NoStoreCacheHandler(next http.Handler, include bool, prefix string) http.Handler
```
NoStoreCacheHandler applies Cache-control: no-store header according to options.

Options
include: indicates if matches should be included/excluded.
prefix:  prefix is matched to the beginning of url.








- - -
Generated by [godoc2md](http://godoc.org/github.com/davecheney/godoc2md)
